Added Quiz (#560)
CircuitVerse/Interactive-Book: docs/logic-design/binary-cubes.md

## References

{% bibliography --cited  --file books %}

{:.quiz}

> 1. An Object with 1 variable is represented by which shape?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Which shape is represented by an object having exactly 1 variable?
```
We can improve these questions by re-phrasing them
